Ren said he fought with an important friend of his.
I've never seen Ren like that before.
I'm too prideful to let some girl trouble ruin our friendship.
That's some weird sense of pride you've got.
All I know is that Ichinose bought her a keychain
to replace the one he broke.
She probably likes Ichinose.
That's none of your business.
Kinoshita. Want to join our groups together?
That girl needs to learn about personal space.
I regret breaking up with you, Uehara.
Are you okay being "just friends" forever?
Even though I'm right at his side...
I'm the closest,
yet furthest I've been from him.
There's already a crowd here.
Lots of groups chose this temple as their last spot.
Seems like it.
How should we kill time until our trip's officially over?
- Maybe another selfie?
- Look, there's Daiki.
I'll help take it.
Are they... arguing?
I'm going to see what's up.
She kissed him?
- Sayu!
- Uehara.
Uehara.
Let go.
Sayu!
- She probably wasn't...
- What do I do?
What if those two really were...
If Daiki already likes her more,
nothing I do will change his mind.
We can't be sure of how Daiki feels yet.
I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
Your ex-boyfriend was Terada?
I'm sorry I never told you two.
I thought I was over the whole ordeal,
but I guess it still bothers me after all.
Another girl stole him from right under my nose.
So have you asked Daiki about the supposed "kiss" yet?
No, not yet.
Sayuri!
Morning.
- Morning.
- You didn't pick up when I called last night. Everything okay?
I went to sleep early after the trip yesterday.
- Sorry.
- Don't sweat it. I'm making up for it now.
Daiki, hurry up.
Coming.
- I'll see you again later.
- Yeah.
He seems as devoted to you as ever.
I'm sure it just looked like those two were kissing.
You should go ask him about it now.
- What?
- I'd feel bad for him if it was all a misunderstanding.
Agreed.
You're right.
This isn't like you, Sayu.
Yeah.
What does it even mean to be "like" me?
You'd never understand how I feel right now, Ninako.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I was just taking it out on you.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
I'm going to go cool my head.
It seems like this is really bothering her...
What did you need from me?
And on the roof, no less.
It's my fault...
that you're afraid to ask your boyfriend the truth, isn't it?
That's not...
Uehara, I've always wanted to apologize to you.
What happened back then wasn't solely your fault, Terada.
I always asked for too much.
I took your kindness for granted, too.
I really think I did something awful to you.
I shouldn't have put that other girl's confession on hold
when I already had you.
The fact that I even considered dating her instead,
is unforgivable.
Hold on a second.
You weren't two-timing me with that girl?
No.
No way.
That's not what I heard.
Who told you that?
I don't know.
But that's definitely what I heard...
Maybe we wouldn't have broken up
if the two of us actually talked it out.
It doesn't matter anymore.
It does.
Uehara.
Are you going to repeat our mistakes?
Go tell your boyfriend what's on your mind.
[Episode 3]
Sayuri, let's go grab some juice together.
Sure.
Genta apparently bought out
all the new bread they just stocked.
I can't believe he'd hog it all, that jerk.
Daiki.
What's up?
There's something I want to ask you.
Yesterday, at the end of our school trip, did you...
Kiss a girl?
What?
Of course not. Why the heck would I...
No, wait. I was just helping her.
I got a bug in my eye. Get it out, Daiki!
Ew, no. Get it out yourself.
I'm asking you because I can't do it myself!
Then quit acting so pushy.
Sorry. Please get it out, I'm begging you.
Fine.
I was getting a bug out of her eye!
You were getting a bug out of her eye?
Yeah. That's all that happened. Seriously.
Daiki! What're you up to?
Hey, we didn't kiss each other yesterday, right?
What? Why in the world would I kiss you?
See? You heard her.
Thank god.
Is that what's been on your mind?
Silly Sayuri.
But...
Sorry.
I didn't mean to make you worry so much.
Next time, tell me if there's something on your mind.
You're the one who said we share our burdens, remember?
Sorry.
I'm also sorry.
But don't worry,
I don't see Daiki as a guy at all.
Don't get so close to him.
Do you find my selfishness annoying?
This is just how I am, okay?
Were you... jealous of other girls?
Man, that sort of makes me happy to hear.
Sorry to interrupt your sweet time, you two.
But you've got eyes on you from all around!
Quit staring. This isn't a show!
Aw, they're holding hands.
Adorable!
I'm glad things worked out for Daiki.
- Same here.
- Right?
Yu.
Do you still have a crush on Sayuri?
I doubt you'd find any room
to weasel your way back in though.
It's fine.
I was able to get everything off my chest anyway.
Now I'll finally be able to move on.
I can't say the same for myself.
Long time no see, Ren.
Long time no see.
Sorry this was on short notice.
It's fine. I had some books I wanted to return to you anyway.
I lent you books?
Apparently. I found them while I was packing up to move.
You're moving?
Yeah. I decided to move out to the city on my own.
I'll be closer to my university,
and it'll be more convenient for modeling work, too.
I see.
Mayuka. I have things I haven't told you yet.
I wasn't able to keep my promise to you.
I told you some things wouldn't ever change.
That I'd stay by your side, forever.
I'm sorry.
I know you were trying to be faithful to me, Ren.
Besides, you aren't the only one who changed.
Sometimes relationships fizzle out,
even though there's no bad blood between us.
Mayuka.
Thank you.
Good bye.
Kinoshita.
- Morning.
Thanks for lending me your hoodie the other day.
Sure thing.
You're such a nice guy, Ren.
I didn't think you'd lend a hoodie to anyone
before I knew you.
People often say I look like a cold person.
They should really get to know you better.
Then everyone would realize you're just misunderstood.
I don't need everyone to understand,
so long as one person out there gets me.
- Then I'll -
- I already think you're one of those people, Kinoshita.
Well, you're correct.
Thanks.
I know you tend to smile a lot around your friends, too.
Yeah. I smile when I want to smile.
Does that mean I make him want to smile?
That song.
I was just thinking of the chorus as well.
Really?
It's like we're in sync.
Yeah. I think so, too.
I have a gut feeling.
That someday, in the near future...
I won't be able to hold back these feelings of mine.
Even if that means destroying our comfortable distance.
Looks like Yu's love story has come to an end.
Stop that.
Takumi, don't you have a crush on anyone?
I do.
But they won't even give me a chance.
What? Someone even you can't charm?
Who's the lucky individual?
If you knew, you'd be put in a pickle.
Don't tell me... I'm your special someone?
What?
- Morning.
- Ninako, help.
She keeps making fun of me.
- Poke, poke.
- Morning.
- So you walked here together with Ninako?
- Yeah.
Ando.
We need to talk.
What? I don't exactly feel excited
being invited out back by a guy.
Ren?
Ando.
I like Kinoshita.
Huh? Don't call me out here
to tell me something I already know.
You deserve to hear it from me directly.
You, of all people.
I won't try to pretend I feel one way anymore.
That's all.
How long have you been there?
I only just walked by.
Really now.
I have something I want to give you.
What now?
Isn't that...
I picked it up off the floor.
It's something Ichinose gave Ninako, or so I heard.
Toss it away if you want.
Or return it to Ninako.
She might appreciate that.
[WELCOME! Today's recommendations]
- Thank you.
- Thank you, come again.
Phew, I'm stuffed.
That's nice.
What is?
Those two held hands together,
as if it were second nature to them.
What is it I want to happen?
Pichan.
Good night.
What sort of person will Ren fall for next?
Who will Ren eventually have a crush on?
- Morning.
What're you listening to?
Here.
I wanted to listen to the full song.
This really is a catchy song.
Yeah, I got super into it again. It's my current favorite.
I like it, too.
It's a great song.
- See you in class.
- Yeah.
If I don't tell him how I feel,
I can continue to be at his side like this.
- But...
- Morning, Ren.
- Morning.
- Good morning Hirataka, Urakawa.
The girls in our class have started talking more with Ren.
Seems like it.
I'm surprised by the change.
I can't just sit here,
and watch Ren fall in love with someone else.
Absolutely not.
I think I'm at my limit.
Ninako?
I don't want to destroy our relationship now.
But more importantly...
I don't want to be just friends.
I want to be Ren's...
Girlfriend.
I know that sounds ridiculous,
since I've been rejected already.
No, I like the honesty!
Besides, this is how you actually feel, right?
I'll do my best, you two.
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
You got this!
Thanks, you two.
Toss it away if you want.
Or return it to Ninako. She might appreciate that.
My type?
I'll overcome your preferences.
I'll join the cheer team!
Yeah!
I want to be there for you, Kinoshita.
- Do you like Ichinose?
- Not anymore.
[Epilogue]
I'm here to take my break.
- Great work out there.
- Thank you.
Ritsuko!
Here.
What's this?
A present, from me to you.
Ouch.
I'll also give you this.
It's a keychain I got from Kamakura.
There.
Why would you do all this for me?
Because I like you.
Eat that all up, okay?
Want a bite?
Is it your birthday today?
[LOVE Ritsuko]
No.
Thanks for the cake.
[Love Ritsuko]
Yes!
Did you eat that cake for her?
I ate a bite, but Ritsuko ate the rest.
Was it good?
It was fine.
You have cream on your cheek.
Just kidding.
Stop that.